fix: Resolve incorrect platform specific dependency (#2766)
bazel-contrib/rules_python: CHANGELOG.md

{#v0-0-0-fixed}
### Fixed

> * (pypi) Platform specific markers are now correctly handled when using `requirments_by_platform`
>   in pip.parse Fixed in [#2766](https://github.com/bazel-contrib/rules_python/pull/2766).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (pypi) Platform specific extras are now correctly handled when using
  universal lock files with environment markers. Fixes [#2690](https://github.com/bazel-contrib/rules_python/pull/2690).
```

The breakage of the `env` markers has never been released so referencing the original issue would be more correct.
